okay I follow the recording on I say
recording okay thank you Peter lol Oh
everyone welcome to the jazz chord F
team weekly sync of July 30 2018 this is
in addition like a smaller group and
other meetings because as I was just
mentioning older people are inside metal
words right now crossing an ocean and so
they cannot log in and attendance come
but some of them definitely left some
notes that we can like go through here
let's go into the week we played as
usual and let's go by order of how
people shared it on the grid but Before
we jump into that and we have a
volunteer note-taker can I get her phone
here Jacob thank you so much for always
taking that responsibility thank you
cool okay so let's go into epics Island
sure sure be finding nothing so last
week was doing a whole lot of work to
get Jess ipfs 0:31 out the door regional
the things that were going in it and
essentially it included a new lib PTP
some support for raw leaves and a whole
bunch of work to achieve reiative
connectivity magic between JSOC EFS and
the rest of the ipfs world so yeah that
was most of my week I also before that
fixed an issue with if if during boot
times your I PFF node arid then the
error event would be emitted twice and
if you had attached a once listener on
to the error event and you'd get that
but then your node process would be
exited the second time it's it was fired
so that's that was naked so quickly well
I suppose I could fix that and then just
after I'd released Jess either fest 0:31
I got a I got finger board from
vesko saying that the new preload stuff
doesn't work in service workers and I
found out that in service workers they
deprecated the xmlhttprequest API and
it's also not available at all so that's
that's fun times and I didn't know about
it because we don't run our tests on
service we could work it as we run them
on web workers and there's no example of
service workers in the example folder so
I didn't see it until after what I did
was just switched to using a fetch API
the what I didn't know which you you
might not have known either is that I
was under the impression that we fetch
you can abort an equip a request but you
can now so that's rad and if we need to
abort stuff because potentially the
preload requests that we're making
because they're done in a sink they
might still be in flight when we try and
stop the node so if we try to stop the
node while stuff is pre loading we don't
want the preload request to keep the
process open so we we we cancel them
basically so anyway I replaced it with
fetch it gets aborted now when you stop
if you stop the node and Vaska tested it
and so did you go I think and went in I
released a 0.41 point one already so fun
times and also been doing a writing a
touristy Web Summit I will see you there
if you are gonna be there that's me just
yeah oh yeah so I put a couple of other
things that if I have time to do I will
do PR for ipfs resolve and an IP OD
powered dad get that if I have time I
might looking to them that's me sorry
that was a bit long yeah there's great a
congrats for realizing just IP fences
you to do one over so everyone and like
participated never it's awesome to
finally get that experience to users as
we wanted and when one note there is
let's make sure to sink as the next week
want connectivity magic like it'd still
be easy one big priority of this quarter
and let's not fool ourselves we just
gave ourselves a little bit more of air
to breathe with the solution number one
that we shipped there's still two other
things then I get a pair outing and
flood routing and the fool
Peralta and pretending you know if let's
continue putting energy there as we've
put together solution because yeah we
really want to have that finish but it's
quadrant nowhere and we are super close
what's just making sure that we don't
get distracted or more thing that it's
already salts still on that finding the
fetch flash like things that work on
service workers definitely add a test
probably you already did but like it was
created if you'd like to add tests to
read things on service workers and these
like feeds right into like things that
run on Jenkins right now we have like
this huge pipeline are like CITS VPI
tests core tests and then browser tests
and then like web worker tests and like
it takes a lot of time and we really
need to bring break brief break those
into separate steps and also add the
serviceworker just make sure like
everything runs nicely and probably we
should like always just friend the web
board clear and inside this one it has
some CI not on on loco otherwise like
just like still a lot of time from from
development so creating if you to add a
test and I got these note so that we
make sure to think about it as soon as
possible all right yeah sorry I had a
look at AG we'd probably have to add it
there I'm guessing and there is a comma
serviceworker plugin so it should be
possible yeah yeah you have to add it
there and then like you have to use like
just comment on flex to then create
different like runs yeah and so it's
more like a Jenkins configuration thing
right now then like more chewing I know
like victories on top of this like it
has been something that we talk a lot in
the past I guess it's just like a
question on like time to do it then
necessarily like a challenge technical
challenge any
other questions for Alan alright great
thank you
let's go excellent walk it out here
basically as I've spent a lot of time
building like the proto school for I
Kildee that's pretty cool like if you
haven't check it out check oh that's
cool and give him feedback it has a
bunch of lessons and I can put it here
school and it's like a very good format
to like do my PFS tutorials we should
repurpose that to other things it's not
just IP LD Vasco also is up here like I
know that that's cool and we'll go and
play and I'm like super busy with DFS
today yo the website is getting nicer
and nicer by the day and like with all
the bug fix like the experiences right
like getting more performant there's
still certain things to do but like you
can take a peek at the repo just an
appetizer you install it and run and
give it back if you find something in
itself like Alan be a going to review
today and that was super helpful to get
my calendar paradise to go through
things and to remind us of like things
that we missed
so if you have time to do that go for it
Travis is also not attending and if you
didn't get to do anything this week but
he has a lot of goals for this one which
is merge open v2 branch of IPT beyond
necessary but for within on that except
we have Jacob Jacob share well as your
update
so I primarily been working on parent
content routing so I fix some flakiness
in the tests for both of those modules
because they were depending on a lot of
external stuff so that I got rid of that
and made that more stable I also have
working with that and something Pedro
brought up in terms of like configuring
the modules
I created the PRN JSI PFS to allow for a
factory for creating whippy-tippy in
configuration um so just starting that
conversation in there there's also an
example in there I think that helps make
things a bit cleaner for when people
need to get really custom with Lib p2p
configuration in Jace ipfs um I think
that'll make that easier and then when
we
you peer and content routing for
delegates that will make that easier as
well I'm also working on currently
there's some stuff that Lars is working
on in exposing HTTP I HTTP API endpoints
on the go server so that we can actually
use that as a delegate router I'm
working on making that interoperable and
JSI BFS and that will be I think that's
going to be configurable and go so I'll
make that configure Balaji it and JSI
PFS so only those delegate routes will
turn on if we say that this node is
going to be a delegate and with that
then we should be able to get the peer
and content routing modules plugged into
Lapita piece then we can use the HTTP I
and point for for delegate routing so
I'll be working on that the rest of this
week and then I will be out Wednesday to
Wednesday so but those are the things I
hope you work on the me time all right
thank you so much for the update one
thing that it's good for you to have in
mind is circles relay like I'm not being
successful at running those tests on
they drop test Suites like you can see
APR supposedly with the multiplex radius
or ipfs they should work flawlessly but
that's not the case and so it's it means
like something is weird there and I I
didn't have the time to debug it in the
past we thought it was the multiplex
multiplex was fixed we got like a change
in files fixed again like we cannot
transfer a real large files which means
that we can open multiple bits hop
streams like the multiplexer seems right
it's just a secretory wait out there in
a kit even like breaks sometimes unlike
Jess Jess Jess so it's clearly something
wrong in implementation or maybe some of
the reflectors on forum they're like
change things and I could really just
like
misbehaving but that will bite you when
you want to try peer routing and content
route today because you only circuitry
right to make them successful across
Jessica pest or just the the module so
so definitely to check those and see if
you can understand what's up there
and yeah I don't have a comment any more
comment
Jacob our questions
all right by the way if I sound like I
always think very fast but like if I
speaking very fast today
it's just because I I feel the jet lag
like attacking me and I'm trying to like
keep myself clear it's right now I'll go
to my page physic I did a guide because
0 for 17 really says on and and no
Jesslyn actually should pass that
knowledge how to do that someone else
right now I think I know only one that
they're super chose modules because like
the version numbers have really key and
the dream is are there but like they're
not necessarily out like up-to-date but
yeah I did that like a big white penis
the IP passing drug tests increase the
size of like the files I get transferred
I was really happy to see if I quartiles
get transferred nice way as well of
course this is like so interesting in
cases where go to JSI takes like X and
then G has to go takes X divide my tube
so like all the time so something to
debug as well like why go to gsx more
time and just to go I can do it if you
want to share oh yeah probably in maybe
we can just like go to it once we are
together here only side of the the
people the bigger 20 pool yeah what's a
word for D website meant like so much
stuff right I get the apps workshop
Michael like fortunately like we are a
pretty great team and so different
people have been like taking the
leadership like writing the content and
preparing the talks and like super
grateful for that and like it's really
it's really good like we work without
this like all people but like it still
takes my time so I didn't have time to
like really dig into Jessica's issues at
all it has been just like ult what do
you have lots of work on it JP that's
what I your website as well like it's
almost there right now it's more like
speaking
polishing and I can iterate the if it
breaks like it is screaming at the users
faces like actually gives them like some
helpful message that they can and report
back in any ad for for this week it's
really I call she's like amazing webpage
for just a business and I did you have
some it stuff that is my focus Peter you
have a question for me yeah speaking of
what they welcome it
so the improv team house like a list of
all the things we need to be doing the
41 so with those the JavaScript team
have a similar list for this is what the
JavaScript team needs to do before the D
Web Summit or for what we need from the
if a team to do before the Web Summit
know so the emporium already have
everything that we have through before
give up but for the the javascript team
like issues you have to complete before
they would summon that is a good point
we never created the issue like we do we
solve things but we knew that like it
was real easy the zero to view one of
giuseppe fence which then add some
dependencies on the infra said as well
which you you guys already finished so
that was great
and then it's really preparing all these
workshops and talks and so it's kind of
like instead of like having one single
list for jazz chord f it was more okay
we have all these goals like the
workshops the launching the website and
from those that like dependencies I
think to be happen and right now we are
pretty much like close to conclusion
unless like someone feels that they
don't really know if they have something
to do for steel left if that is the case
let me know and I can I can invite you
we didn't know each other like what you
should be worried about before the Web
Summit but but like I guess like from my
perspective and maybe correct me if I'm
wrong I knew I knew you
like I don't think there's like a huge
burning fire right now I'd like someone
needs to put out I think that we're
pretty close and like like 0:31 got
chips connectivity magic like people can
like set your files
gsi BFFs are you what there's a Soviet
circuit things gateway which is really
nice and then the talks are happening
we are in the last form of like feedback
to the talks and to the workshops we are
going to do some trial runs today so it
should be good or every time our
optimistic
cool kukuku that's okay so just just to
capture the whole thing I'm really
thinking about like jazz chord F that
means like just if you'd appear in just
a PFS just if it's about you there's
like some open questions on that so like
about the reliability and stability of
peer tap so but but I
there's like a couple of issues on the D
web repo that we had tracking notes and
I think you are on there later
cool thank you
all right any other questions for me
all right let's gear to machi so I was
mainly working on disappear IDs I made
the whole thing in a day and I also
noticed that I can make the J's the PP
crypto key generation faster with USA
but I created a fork of this module
because it's native module it will say
to compile it existence and the new
version that I fought when it fails then
it does not block installation so it can
be used in a try-catch wrapper so if you
heiress a is unavailable it just uses
the old QPR module and I also fixed a
bunch of things the no trust
I'm currently blocked on the PDP dynamic
injection issue which kind of effects
all of my modules not just one of us so
I'm mainly blocked by adding one of
those key module type EFS and that also
blocks adding when the booths appear
star add and the problem is basically
accessing swarm before it gets created
as it just doesn't work it's just what
effects and it hasn't really gotten
attention so I thought I'd just mention
it here again also there is another
issue with JSP participe it does not
support ENS ever since that makes moving
service for not trust painful because I
have to update everything manually and
also I need Olympia demon for rewriting
pet owner to use a proper demon but I
think that isn't going to be finished
and so I will probably just have to
reinvent the wheel again I mean for it
to be legit I guess and that's all I did
and the next things I will do I usually
made lists but never did what was on the
list so let's just say it's a mystery
because I will pick other tasks anyway
thank you so much for the update the
very honest update and lots of things
you've been working in a lots of things
and it was great to see I could test
your IDs app or service as I said during
the IP pestilence like consider just
like repackage that as a module not as
like a HTTP API service because that way
we can just like use these and ipfs the
controller and I cut our test times like
I expect like 50% or more if you want to
own that like so I would like divide
everything in my to two parts like one
he's getting urs a to little bit crypto
I like that is like just to speed up RSA
key generation overall but then to speed
up test is that going to a PF s DS ETL
and I just have a bunch of pre-generated
keys 200 whatever like that then when
you spawn and IP if a demon factory you
can pass like a config option or saying
tests true and then I can set of like
generating keys new keys every single
time it spawns a node
it was just like to get one random key
from that people that you previously
generated so like killing the best times
on Jessup if I said yeah I disappear
first and now like you drop and all that
do you do you want to take those two
goals for this week actually yes about
the local module I already have this a
Jackie Kashian larger but I think the
idea with having 200 generated keys
isn't so bad
so I will look into that I don't know
what the other thing was I think it was
anyone it just do like so there is the
IP FSD I'd like the pre generative keys
and like add an option to say I want to
weather demon factory in test mode and
test mode is really like just use keys
that were previously generator and like
it always an issue
exactly speed boost this is the issue
talk to Haley for that and then the
other thing is the peer-to-peer crypto
should quit Webster
use urs a and that will speed up by just
RSA key generation as a whole and so it
would be great to have a pull request
tool it will be a crypto so that we can
use that overall not not just for
testing I already added it as a perk
rest to the PDP Krypton that's not just
specific to tester IDs all right that's
so perfect so let's get that virgin
okay cool so I guess like we need to get
this rib you to see something yeah so
just to say Matty I did get in contact
to you to say let's talk about your
Pierce stuff but david has basically
said what I was hoping to to get you to
sign up to you and help with and so that
would be super rad yeah yeah agree like
you are going to save hours like
thousands of hours in development time
because they spend sometimes I'm waiting
for the prettiness so cool okay we have
six minutes left any more questions for
machi or comments alright let's go to
Alex go through last week I implemented
proper released for NFS so that's all in
merge and release which is cool and then
I picked up doing NPM on my PFS again
Jenny want to see a demo yeah okay sure
scream that's tough on everyone see that
yeah we can we see here so I'm running
to Terasaki FS demon just standard so
registry mirror this is no clone come on
just just means don't download mmm in
the background because it's just at the
moment all the all the right requests
stop the read request from executing
until they can find a slot and I'll come
on to that so I saw that off so now it's
running and it tells me that I can use
this flag to do an NPM install and you
in this folder I just have I have a
package.json in that just has one
dependents in it
David written by Alan obviously which is
a really nice one today I made because
it down those npm itself which has a
loads of releases so there's a lot of
kind of background activity that goes on
and so running commands i'm going to
remove the node modules folder remove
the package lock file remove MPAs cache
and then run npm install with our
without proxy you can see it's all
downloading onto the side right emojis
everywhere this is so good like it looks
so much better than me twice in the
first which is like just you never knew
what was happening yeah but you guys so
let's start downloaded no so it's
finished downloading you know in PMS
it's working everything out so there you
go seconds to download it I can prove it
that was that was using I profess
because if I if I shot the hfst man down
and I do the same thing should so then
it crops up yeah because you know II
cannot refuse so that's that this is
super super cool like it is it this what
is a Messer like I was trying to I just
understand I could use it yesterday I
didn't like him because I didn't like
because the Ramirez one up today so is
what the repo like a on master or I just
push the branch it's not merged into
master yeah okay can we can we get Ike
is merge on master and I just really
like sorry inviting people to test it
out though yeah for sure
Victor your question yeah could you
could you run it again with the because
now the packages should be cached right
yes so this is actually running with the
packages crushed already this morning he
was taking about a minute and
because America is working now
something's got really slow and it takes
about five or six minutes I didn't want
to do that in the demo but I can I can
show you it without the cash no I was
thinking so you you run it to follow and
to proxy another cash or the pack of
girls right
so the first time you're running I go to
the proxy and then the proxy goes to MPN
right but the second time you install it
without the cash in your local client
the regular you should have the packages
cash right yeah so instead of taking 30
seconds it could be waiters right well
no that was that was with it - if I do
it that's here all right prettier with
the MPM cash locally and p.m. still
takes out of them because it has like -
like d dubov dependencies
yeah that lasts like chunk of time where
it just kind of look like it's - if that
was the DJ pink and then moving stuff
around see this is it going off to NPM -
Josh we do everything so that was 18
versus versus 13 so there's some
improvements that can be made but he's
broadly comfortable they seen you in
order of magnitude this is I agree with
Alan
like you should them away that balance
it's going to get the crowd in there
yeah so if I know things but like if you
have the time to like I play the repo
like I saw in master make it really nice
for other people to try and then record
like a demo explain what is happening so
she can put it on like like be faster
know and then like also like add my own
hand so that people out there can see it
but but just like just I remind the
world that like it because it's great
for package managers yeah sure
and yeah yeah so cool
all right I don't have any more
questions just excitement to share any
questions for Alex
yeah like so I guess like this ready
prepared time should like should we
digest called that team started using
this cash to start minute